hey guys welcome to the United States of
America the country of brands and there
are so many brands here that are
international so I want you to learn how
to pronounce them in the right way so
you can sound more American and more
natural if you're interested please
continue watching this blog
okay what is your favorite American
restaurant
it said Magdalene some Magdalene
McDonald's very funny self McDonald's
and that's the this store I'm not sure
how would you pronounce the name but
good thing we can just go in and ask
let's do it the name of the store say
most moles but it just depends on well
okay if it's the American heritage that
is an Italian brand but we were
originally so it just depends on the
region that you're probably okay but in
America butanol spits most moleskin
remember moleskin
this is one of the most famous networks
in the United States so when you come to
the States and you and Amina get a SIM
card you would go to either AT&T or
t-mobile to remember it's an American is
a t-mobile because Americans don't say
no while they say mobile so the
company's name in American is pronounced
t-mobile
[Music]
t-mobile's a rapper my favorite car in
the world
it's called Mercedes remember Murr say
this is ma Mercedes is a car coat
Chevrolet and surprisingly it's an
American company but it uses a French
name and sometimes Americans just call
it Chevy I have a chevy chevrolet apple
pie and Chevrolet pride behind me is
another frame shop that already came to
the United States and again if you want
to be correct you want to read it in a
French manner so it's Eva sent lawhon
[Music]
each Solrock one of your favorite brands
just behind me and the right way to
pronounce it is again in French because
it's from friends so the correct way to
say this word is Chanel and by the way I
have earrings from Chanel and they're
like the best everywhere in them for two
years and I think they're the best
earrings in the world so I'm a fan
Chanel I'm a fence
[Music]
Chanel Chanel Chanel Chanel I am not
really sure about this one I think it's
Lacoste but just to make sure let's go
in and ask how to pronounce this brand
name
[Music]
can you tell me what the right name
oh look Holocaust so no II don't like
off remember
Lacoste or if you want to save it like a
little bit of a French accent lapis
lapis is friendly yeah okay Lacoste if
you want to be more friend
we are in front of one of my favorite
shops and my backpack is from there so
the right way to pronounce the name of
the shop is Louis Vuitton again
everything is French come on so
everything needs to be pronounced in a
French way if you want to sound proper
in English also
Louis Vuitton by the way if you're a fan
of shots fired near Vuitton Gucci Chanel
they are all from Europe and it's not
the best idea to buy things from them in
the United States because you don't get
a tax-free anti street like 9% off when
you travel to Europe if you're not from
Europe of course and in the United
States you get an additional tax so if
you want to buy a Louis Vuitton bag I
would advise you to go to France and get
a tax free when you travel out of the
European
[Music]
let's get Nike shoes the correct way to
pronounce this brand name is Nike but
that's very American
if you travel abroad people would say
naik but the right ways
night key because this is just the way
it's pronounced so Nike now we're going
to learn two words word number one is
one of the most famous American cars
it's called Lincoln and pay attention to
what I'm saying here is not Lynn calm
the way it's written there is an L
before n when you actually pronounce it
you say Lincoln
[Music]
the second thing you have this car it's
also an uber
you know what over is right and uber is
originally a German word but Americans
use it in a sense of batter so so you
burn it again you do not follow American
pronunciation rules here you just say
uber so Lincoln over
[Music]
uber I need an uber I am standing in
front of a very expensive shop again
it's French and I would suppose you
pronounce it army but we're gonna try
and ask them I know
it's prohibited to film inside those
chops but let's see what they tell us so
you could tell me how to pronounce you
brandy it's Irma or mess yes oh yeah she
pronounced the last it's a French band
so you don't see very much yeah
Hermes so the correct way to pronounce
it I was wrong he actually pronounce the
last ass its amazed amazed I was a
little confused about this one I've read
us a little American Way with all the
arse
I have two degrees a husband and a
Burberry coat another brand name really
famous and it's the competitor of Nike
and it's called Adidas you probably
called it I did us or something else but
the correct way to pronounce that in
American is adidas adidas
20 dollars in a pair of divas a courage
is passed by and the car is called
Porche and that's the right way to
pronounce it because it's a German name
the stress goes to the first part of the
word and we say portion it will remember
never say poor shape never never
and don't say latte this is like the
worst thing I've ever heard it's Latin
lattes to tell you the word so you drink
coffee it's blood test not latte
[Music]
some people say Porsche great example of
a name of a car that a lot of people are
pronouncing
BMW this is a German car and in Germany
you would say BM back but if you're in
America and you want to sound American
it's BMW and no other options BMW
[Music]
I have a task for you police comment
down below with the most famous brand
that came from your country and became
famous internationally and let us know
how to pronounce it right so comment
below which country you're from what is
the most famous brand and how you
pronounce it I'm looking forward to
reading your comments thank you so much
for watching this video up to the very
end if you enjoyed the content please
like this video because that's the only
way for me to know that you enjoyed it
and if you're not yet subscribed to my
channel there's a red button below click
Subscribe and you're gonna see it in the
next videos bye
[Music]